---
layout: page
title: How to register as an MPAI developer
---

# How to register as an MPAI developer

## Obtaining an MPAI Implementer ID (IID)

MPAI standards allow the creation of modules (AIMs) with defined interface that can then be combined into workflows (AIWs) and executed in a standardised environment (AIF). An AIW corresponding to an application can be implemented using modules provided by different implementers. Therefore, AIMs must pass suitable conformance tests in order to be certified interoperable and safe, and the MPAI Store has been tasked by MPAI with performing such tests and officially distributing compliant AIMs. To guarantee all end users that each component they download from the MPAI Store and use has undergone a proper process, a root-of-trust mechanism. This process requires that implementers register with the MPAI Store to be traceable and receive a standardized Implementer ID (IID) generated by the MPAI Store. Once granted, the IID enables the implementer to submit components to the MPAI Store for validation and distribution.

Note that an implementer must be a legal entity, such as a company or an institution. Collaborative projects are welcome, but they should be submitted through a legally constituted representative entity. MPAI Store is willing to play such a role for projects that might be interesting to the community at large. If you have such an idea, please contact us.

Each implementer is allowed to open one and only one account with MPAI Store. Each implementer must appoint a designated representative authorised to interact with the MPAI Store.

Obtaining an IID from the MPAI Store requires the implementer to enter a legally binding agreement with MPAI Store. The detailed terms and conditions can be found [https://mpai.store/iid-legal-agreement].
If you are the person delegated to represent the implementer, please read on.

## Steps

The process followed by the MPAI Store to register an Implementer is detailed in the following list:
1. An Implementer wishing to submit an implementation to The MPAI Store for distribution:
	a. Is allowed to open one and only one account with the IIDRA.
	b. Appoints a designated representative to interact with the IIDRA on behalf of the Implementer.
2. The Designated Representative creates an account on the IIDRA website.
3. The IIDRA server requests information such as:
	a. First name, last name, and nationality of the Designated Representative.
	b. A set of documents and identity checks sufficient to establish the Designated Representative's nationality, residence, and identity.
	c. Implementer name.
	d. Title of the Designated Representative within the Implementer.
	e. Tax ID of the Implementer.
	f. A set of documents sufficient to establish the existence of the Implementer.
	g. Proof that the Designated Representative has the authority to request an IID
	h. A Designated Representative’s statement that all information submitted on behalf of the Implementer is truthful and accurate and that the Designated Representative takes full responsibility for any inaccurate or false statement. 
	i. All requested data in copies, e.g., DocuSign (all data mentioned above are mandatory).
	j. Product class (more than one entry possible) (optional).
4. A Designated Representative unable to enter specific data may send an email to the IIDRA.
5. The IIDRA will respond to such a Designated Representative requesting information as per #4 within two business days. 
6. The IIDRA office assesses the documents submitted. 
7. If the IIDRA office is unable to verify the documents submitted by the Designated Representative, it will respond to the Designated Representative within five business days.
8. If the documents submitted are accepted, the Designated Representative will be notified and given an Implementer ID.
9. If the Implementer appoints a new Designated Representative, the new Designated Representative shall repeat steps 3.a, b, d, g, h, and i above.

